no economist would agree with you on that, mr farage.
mr president, one minute it shall be.
trade and economic relations with western balkans (short presentation)
our motto should be not to waste a single cent.
if that troubles you, you should just leave!
christians, too, must not be deprived of our care.
we are proud to receive it today.
each of us in this chamber was directly affected.
they are still discriminated against and prejudices still exist.
further development is also important for us.
undoubtedly, this initiative is praiseworthy and i support it.
we remember the so-called population exchange between turkey and greece.
i consider this a very serious issue.
i must say that i am not satisfied either.
but the greek government is stuck inside the euro straitjacket.
the commission's initiative, commissioner, is also very important.
iceland is one of the oldest european democracies.
the financial measures that we take must support these objectives.
we were part of the exchange rate mechanism.
i support the rapporteur and therefore voted 'in favour'.
you ask me what my solution is today.
article 121 will be invoked with all of those.
the commission has also reaffirmed this goal.
i think this is a shame.
(hu) now i should like to continue in hungarian.
there is no progress without water.
in any case, we will find out, mr rübig.
many european dairy producers are therefore now facing ruin.
request for the defence of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
allow me to summarise the causes in 50 seconds.
so, there is a job that needs doing.
now ireland decided to carry out a second referendum.
i will never join a pan-european party.
(the minutes of the previous sitting were approved)
the nationalists murdered 120 000 poles.
our mutual dependence requires openness and trust.
in addition, businesses need more funding to develop innovations.
the next item is the vote.
that is the crucial question that we must answer.
china is a gigantic sweatshop of exploitation of workers.
the european defence agency will develop military space surveillance capability.
moldova is experiencing great political and economic difficulties.
there is no doubt about that.
however, this report is very welcome.
secondly, we need more stringent checks.
this is our obligation for generations to come.
the council's conclusions are very welcome.
president barroso is smiling very politely, but we will see.
teams sent by individual eu countries are also working there.
this applies also to the european external action service.
i beg your indulgence in this regard.
i believe that these should remain with member states.
(the president asked the member to speak more slowly)
i also support mr coelho's proposed timetable.
hence our final decision to abstain.
that should be the subject of our debate today.
why are you not taking this approach already?
mr portas, thank you for your question.
on the contrary, they came too late.
with regard to whaling, i make no apologies for it.
i would like to thank the honourable member.
i would like to thank you for this opportunity.
however, a second matter also concerns me.
in any case, the attraction of the euro remains intact.
i am glad that you are nodding approvingly.
i need your very constructive help.
firstly, the points of single contact.
this applies to public procurement and to price regulation.
someone must, at last, after these five years, say it.
in other words, we must take great care.
you even made reference to it yourself.
we also need to concentrate on urban development.
one example is the immigration policy.
we are no better on the rule of law.
now i would like to say something about lisbon.
we must now tackle the black sheep of the industry.
let us work and get it done.
there is an urgent need for action here.
the vote will take place today at 12 noon.
madam president, i voted in favour of the resolution.
we must concentrate more on vocational training and retraining.
we are not writing the bible, here.
currently, this space comprises 25 participating states.
i would encourage other colleagues to put the patients first.
for this reason, i abstained during the final vote.
we have that helplessness and hopelessness that we perhaps shared.
children imitate the games which can lead to tragic results.
fifth, we have specific conditions concerning meat production and storage.
the situation in the eu financial sector is serious.
this is currently the case for only four languages.
consequently, i chose not to vote for president barroso's reappointment.
we must ensure that companies cannot shirk from assuming responsibility.
this resolution is characterised by its absurdity and its hypocrisy.
mr tannock: assertive leadership that is up to the challenge.
in writing. - (fr) in favour.
finian was writing a manuscript at the time.
in the uk, we have over 1.7 million micro-firms.
ladies and gentlemen, let us press that restart button.
i think we need to look again at regulation.
we must prevent duplication of effort by merging the agencies.
through democratic elections, they succeeded in bringing about fundamental change.
many thanks for the positive comments by various fellow members.
fortunately, the large majority in the european parliament said no.
colleagues, thank you for your support.
the following questions have been submitted to the commission.
that is what the european public wants.
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon.
chinese foreign exchange reserves are usd 2.9 trillion.
therefore i abstained on final vote on the report.
the second point is that of credibility.
madam president-in-office of the council, mr verhofstadt is absolutely right.
mr luhan, you had a question for mrs lope fontagné.
mr verhofstadt mentioned a few problems.
subject: freedom of religion in china
i think the commission proposals were the right ones.
i would like to wish the spanish presidency well.
that is the objective of this report.
but our oral question is about the future.
your words do not contradict what i said.
it is vital to move beyond words to action.
let me start with economic issues.
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
mr pieper, can you explain why it is a dream?
the commission fully supports the candidacy of minister christine lagarde.
what is your position on this?
there is a great deal at stake in tomorrow's vote.
(the sitting was suspended at 12.55 and resumed at 15.00)
finally, there will also be a debate on external relations.
but there is a very important principle here.
so far, unfortunately, there is no real progress.
i would like to mention just two examples.
i therefore abstained from voting on this report.
such decisions should be taken by the member states themselves.
it is true, though, that the chamber is large.
thank you very much, and i wish you fruitful work.
thank you, sarah, for your close cooperation.
i congratulate the rapporteur on his work, which i endorsed.
these restrictions have resulted in a security risk for citizens.
(de) mr president, anti-counterfeiting is an extremely important issue.
let me now move to another issue.
you spoke about the rule of law in general.
thank you very much for a very good debate.
i think members should resist all this.
mr president, my group supports mrs joly's report.
mr president, italy is suffering a real brain drain.
all of us will be behind you.
the european parliament also has a vital role to play.
i think all colleagues are in tune with that.
countries are not racist: people are racist.
it is also a strange way of protecting community agriculture.
the southern corridor should obviously include the nabucco project.
this involves, in particular, the question of the legislators.
emotionally, this situation is extremely important to greeks.
i ask you to acknowledge this.
as we all know, esdp produces no military added value.
last august, russia almost occupied a sovereign neighbouring state.
mrs damanaki, we are counting on you.
the ratification and implementation of the updated ilo conventions (debate)
we have established the right to withdraw from a petition.
however, i do not wish to prolong the debate.
the cohesion policy after 2013 (debate)
one, of course, is the 20% threshold.
i would just like to comment on one point.
i wish you every success in your new role!
there are other more convincing political tools.
and here i have some question marks.
people expect change and they expect aid without strings.
then we shall stop before the final vote.
because of the tax situation in delaware.
do you not think we should tackle this issue?
i think that everyone realises that.
they have refused to give us papers.
it is a little bit too far.
clearly, today, we are failing on that score.
maybe many parliamentarians have not seen these.
i do not believe that this assessment must take priority.
the facts prove the opposite, however.
let me give you a piece of advice.
we are taking an important step forward today.
these objectives were confirmed by the council's position.
this is a matter of particular concern to parents.
my second point concerns the protection of victims.
these assessments will allow recommendations to be made.
the one has nothing to do with the other.
however, can his strategy be successful?
is it not necessary to hold these candidates to account?
it therefore requires the right treatment and the right doctor.
i support that arrangement and i voted 'for'.
we are very happy about this future collaboration.
mr zapatero emphasised the importance of human rights.
we have to cut costs, however; that is absolutely clear.
i would like to ask the commissioner for a reply.
that is critical to the future welfare of european citizens.
that is quite an important contribution.
the proposal will have three aims.
at any rate, this is not our vision of europe.
the bulgarian authorities undertook to bring about radical improvement.
mr president, i welcome this debate.
just a couple of remarks to conclude.
mr president, the eu cannot be trusted.
in fact, some of the big traditional commercial banks were not responsible for the crisis.
that would be good for our companies and good for jobs.
all of us here are well paid and can afford to give.
thank you for your support during all these months leading up to this report.
it has not been possible to agree the recommendations necessary to bring morocco to book.
(the sitting was suspended at 8.20 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.)
this implies adjusting benefits, where needed, to safeguard appropriate support for recipients.
these are our rules, and we must keep to them very strictly.
finally, i should like to offer the rapporteur sincere thanks for this excellent report.
madam president, i should also like to reiterate why these measures are necessary.
firstly, that there is no majority in the council of ministers.
in short, information must be available and transparent and international agreements must be respected.
we should be working on the principle of caution rather than haste.
the beauty of it is that we can do better; indeed we must do better.
that was a brief summary of the substance of this report.
i look forward to the comments from colleagues in the debate which now follows.
i voted broadly in favour of what this motion for a resolution proposes.
there is an ongoing dialogue in cooperation with the united nations and the ilo.
i believe parliament must contribute to making this strategy stronger and more coherent.
we are making very slow progress in combating the crisis in the financial markets.
a global phenomenon must be dealt with by a global policy.
(lt) mr president, the funding of small and medium-sized enterprises remains a major problem.
parliament must sponsor a conference on the integration of the roma community.
maybe there are plans to go further than what is on the table now.
we need to make it easier to set up companies but also to liquidate them.
it is out of friendship for the albanians that i voted against this text.
in writing. - i supported this report on the implementation of the services directive 2006/123/ec.
despite this, it is, unfortunately, a right that is little respected in some countries.
this means that the economic crisis is inevitably turning into an employment and social crisis.
a state has an anthem and a flag, cooperation does not.
to take advantage of those health-care services is a positive step in the right direction.
mr havel also received a great deal of applause for this.
mr saryusz-wolski has produced a sound report, and it is one that we will support.
i believe that this legislation will continue in this direction in the future.
in particular, we must support measures for their education and care in old age.
priorities in the fight against alzheimer's disease (written declaration): see minutes
(de) mr president, i would like to welcome baroness ashton to her new position.
it is for that reason that i have voted against this report.
to exclude, prevent or foresee everything which can happen in aviation is impossible.
a country like iran is a challenge for both the eu and russia.
in parallel, the peace process itself must be driven forward rapidly.
mr president, 25 march is the birthday of both europe and greece.
in my opinion, the current mandate is not ambitious enough to achieve this.
the regulation is intended to ensure access to transport without discrimination.
we have heard some comments and very many good examples have been given.
i think we are still struggling with that in some cases.
ceta's regulatory cooperation provisions would not impose any obligation to hold such discussions.
the eu economic crisis reveals that the eu has, as it were, no bathing costume.
the commission welcomes parliament's decision to follow up the report it drafted.
that is what we are trying to do with different training programmes.
that could be discussed with commissioner lewandowski and, of course, with the finance ministers.
the commission is planning to present its proposal early in 2011.
situation in the mediterranean, in particular in tunisia and egypt (debate)
this is a welcome development but all the same, i am against, mr president.
moreover, close cooperation with the international atomic energy agency has ensured consistency with international practices.
to our cypriot colleagues we understand the pain of injustice you feel.
(de) madam president, i would like to thank mrs malmström for her excellent, detailed answer.
mr creutzmann, the principle of using the lowest possible risk is valid.
the european union immediately mobilised resources to tackle the most pressing problems.
in many member states, consumption-related emissions are higher than levels of production-related emissions.
the question, today, is whether cepol, under current circumstances, should continue to exist.
investments in regional development are investments in the future and the development of the eu.
unfortunately, plenary did not support my call for police access to eurodac.
i would also like to thank the shadow rapporteurs with whom i enjoyed excellent relations.
we are not getting through, and new snow keeps on coming.
i endorsed the adoption of the resolution on the commission work programme 2011.
mr fazakas is suspected of being an ex-collaborator of the communist secret services.
i voted in favour of the european parliament resolution on combating climate change.
less than two months later, another tragedy has come to pass.
for it to be a success, the initiative must genuinely come from citizens.
i refer to the important statements that promote our southern agriculture.
despite all the progress made in terms of transparency and controls, public perception remains critical.
i consider it imperative to apply european measures to prohibit or replace this substance.
the eu has established its environmental standards in accordance with member states' requirements.
if we follow this path, then we will be on the right track.
madam president, my thanks to the honourable members for this important debate.
almost 60 people died, and hundreds of thousands of people sustained considerable damage.
however, poverty is still one of the most serious problems of contemporary europe.
flooding, mr kelly, is not an issue for which i have responsibility.
another point i would like to discuss is the ankara protocol.
this time we are concerned about the unlawful imprisonment of roxana saberi.
secondly, freedom of religion and opinion are in a sorry state.
the vote will take place on wednesday 14 january 2009, at 12 noon.
the commission negotiated this agreement on behalf of the european union.
realistic, specific, quantifiable targets, both long-term and immediate, urgently need to be set.
the people certainly know that the eu is not the soviet union.
one year will not give the space for the investment that is necessary.
another important item on the european council's agenda is the preparations for the g20 summit.
it is also key to strengthening the rule of law in the region.
it is no wonder that this country is now putting up resistance.
elsewhere, it bemoans the fact that europe has an ageing population.
as the commissioner has correctly established, we have learned from this accident.
we need a policy which stabilises the markets and the euro.
although circumstances vary between individual member states, the employment situation in europe is generally deteriorating.
(sk) the legal environment in the member states in the area of debt recovery varies.
together, they have had to bring the legislative process to a successful outcome.
we need a common economic policy, a single bond market and joint coordination.
the europe in which i believe is also the europe of linguistic diversity.
madam president, commissioner, basically, i am wondering why you wanted to make that statement.
in writing. - (it) mr president, ladies and gentlemen, i voted in favour.
i would like this parliament to have the confidence and moral authority to do this.
i would like some really head-on information from the commission on this whole issue.
the death toll is now believed to be 230 000, with 300 000 injured.
we must therefore allow her to reply to your questions, which will otherwise remain unanswered.
i will turn now to the second report, the multiannual plan for horse mackerel.
the key theme of the stockholm programme is 'building a citizens' europe'.
in russia, freedom of the press and of the media is a really major problem.
for this reason, i have voted against this motion for a resolution.
i warmly congratulate my southern sudanese friends present here today on this.
consequently, decisive and effective action is immediately needed at the european community level.
when we talk about political parties, we must take two problems into consideration.
no problem, we are by your side and will do whatever we can.
this is about credible legislation, not behind-the-scenes negotiations between member states aimed at avoiding penalties.
it is particularly important to the issue of dealing with corporate and individual tax avoidance.
that is why i voted for the report on the sesar joint undertaking.
if the technology is there, as ms zdravkova said, we should make use of it.
europe buys 38 million tonnes of soya and feed for cattle.
the objective now is to reduce poverty by a quarter by 2020.
individual member states have also been prepared to make very generous offers of assistance.
this is a very difficult issue and an extremely sensitive one.
it is important to be able to represent your respective groups strongly.
we cannot 'half-commit' to investment in renewable energy sources and low-carbon transport.
in a capitalist world the term 'uncompetitive' is synonymous with social scourge.
romania has been and remains a strong supporter of the nabucco project.
within the eu, national legislation varies from one member state to another.
we must allow it to express itself and support it on the road to democracy.
president of the commission. - i think the meeting we had with ukraine was successful.
it is therefore right that we defend it and support it.
i would like to ask two particularly political questions, since it is decision-making time.
flexible working hours and safety influence tourism just as much as social changes.
monitoring was defined by russia as a precondition for the resumption of gas supplies.
i am always ready to listen to your suggestions and to your comments.
the next commission will therefore be called on to continue this work.
the eu strategy for the baltic sea region was endorsed during the swedish presidency.
the who and some non-governmental organisations use this term to support abortion.
a strong commission may be helpful, but a strong commission in that respect is indispensable.
that is why i voted in favour of this excellent report.
i myself voted against, because i was on the voting list for the previous report.
rather, it is concerned with security policy aspects and increasing stability.
the next item is question hour with the president of the commission.
if you develop a reasonable system, we will encourage it and recognise it.'
we will not achieve our europe 2020 targets if we do not do it.
(es) mr president, we approved the lisbon agenda with its very ambitious objectives in 2000.
we have just started the preparatory work for the 2009 report.
(el) madam president, thank you for giving me the floor again.
particularly enterprises at the forefront of such development must be encouraged and rewarded accordingly.
expressions of solidarity have come from all four corners of the globe.
as you know, they are going to be made public tomorrow, 21 april.
as for dialogue with belarus, this is necessary, but not at any price.
differences in the frequency of checks also result in great uncertainty among drivers and undertakings.
the chapter on the internet is a cause of particular anxiety.
this is why we should increase our efforts to combat this problem.
thus, from a political point of view, it is an inflexible tool.
as an immediate result, 63 trained crews were deployed in afghanistan.
mr president, i would like to welcome the spanish presidency very warmly.
(the sitting was suspended for five minutes due to technical issues)
considerable progress has been achieved concerning transparency about the beneficiaries of eu funds.
on the other hand, controlling the process would be rather difficult.
europe needs to show solidarity in the face of such natural disasters.
the march european council decided on a more restrained format, to my great regret.
we have therefore chosen to vote against this report on the commission's budget for 2010.
that is why we will not be supporting the package in its present form.
we must put a stop to the export of waste to poor countries.
however, there are major differences even between regions in the same member state.
the global adjustment fund provides support for workers made redundant as a result of globalisation.
it is not enough to simply regroup and rename the support programmes we already have.
the rest of europe may look on critically when we demand vetoes on immigration policy.
that is why the euro area should be dissolved as quickly as possible.
it is an appointment that i very much supported and approved during the european council.
it is associated with a vast number of social ills that attract criminal activity.
it is, unfortunately, damned hard, which is why the answer is so varied.
we have reached a good compromise today from an environmental and an economic perspective.
therefore, it is important to keep these costs to a minimum.
i will try to give additional examples in response to your questions.
we must remind the member states to transpose directive 2006/54/ec without further delay.
the turkish government has not presented a cohesive and comprehensive programme of political reforms.
i hope that you and your first-rate team will be more successful.
it emerged during the crisis in asia that regulation is a sensible precaution.
president of the commission. - i will answer by saying 'no'.
however, a minimum wage only makes sense when combined with additional measures.
i think that mr swoboda was right to ask this question.
could you please tell us if the commission will be making an announcement soon?
somehow it is a pity that we are ending this energy package.
mr president, that was not a point of order and most of it was rubbish.
follow-up to a request for the defence of immunity: see minutes
we will really need parliament's support if we are to successfully play our part.
the next item is the council and commission statements on electric cars.
on friday, the commission presented a charter of women's rights containing very many fine words.
fake medicines are not produced as a result of a dispute about intellectual property.
of course it is not an absolute rule but it concerns specific arrangements.
moreover, without security, it is difficult to maintain independence and neutrality in humanitarian work.
madam president, we sometimes have good news, even in emergency situations.
that is a pernicious development and one that reinforces the european union's democratic deficit.
protecting the spiritual health of children is just a shameful pretext exploited by insecure politicians.
let us be realistic, there is no such thing as 100% security.
economic, social and territorial cohesion are fundamental principles in determining all eu policies and activities.
these are things that we will need to take into account in future.
this must be dealt with by the albanian people, by the political forces in albania.
it has become clear from the discussion how we must act.
high representative ashton, we ask you to use these new tools.
it is therefore a political project in itself and the commission has to contribute to it.
the social situation of the roma and their improved access to the labour market in the eu (short presentation)
they satisfy the basic requirements and the same criteria as other member states for full integration into the schengen area.
(de) commissioner, cigarette smuggling can be divided into three streams: the funds, the goods and, finally, the accompanying documentation.
the anniversary is also an opportunity to debate whether britain's long-term economic future lies with euro membership.
we must not forget that two thirds of jobs in the european union are created by smes.
i believe that europe now has the maturity and political need to outline its own independent security strategy.
copenhagen can succeed, copenhagen must succeed, and the european union still holds the key to its success.
we have seen a number of treaties, such as the prüm treaty, that have caused great concern.
if an accident were to happen, emsa has standby pollution response vessels and equipment permanently located in the baltic.
these objectives promote smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, and therefore investment into the creation of decent jobs.
anyone who calls for tolerance must also show tolerance to those who practise a christian faith.
your cries will not hide your responsibility in the crisis, the crisis of euro-internationalism, of which you are the proponents.
there is no crisis of human rights in the european union, but there is a crisis of democratic legitimacy.
however, we know full well that this is almost impossible in the absence of a legal basis.
(pl) mr president, i endorsed the mann report on the demographic challenge and solidarity between generations.
the european globalisation adjustment fund is, from a budgetary perspective, a special instrument which does not have its own resources.
we cannot go on with a new policy dictated by short-termism and all these political bargains we are used to.
we need to come up with a general european framework to protect women from this type of violence.
some amendments also aim to provide more flexibility for the member states by introducing certain grounds for accelerated procedures.
however, we are not yet able to say that economic activity could sustain itself if these stimuli were removed.
in particular, with some countries joining the coalition then stopping their involvement, it is impossible to reach consensus within nato.
the hedge funds may be taking advantage of the situation, but they did not cause the crisis.
this is a systemic disaster of massive proportions and will worsen over the next few decades.
in addition, the finance ministers will meet in st andrews, so there are many opportunities to talk about this.
in writing. - (fi) mr president, last year the situation in the dairy sector declined dramatically.
the independence of impact assessments (ias) needs to be guaranteed, above all, because of their importance in the decision-making process.
we must, however, remember that each of the member states is at a different stage of development of energy policy.
their leaders have come to me and complained of a worsening situation, regrettably, in egypt, orchestrated by the muslim brotherhood.
once again, i would like to thank all those who have worked on this important report.
i will move forward in a concrete and pragmatic way working on behalf of all 27 member states.
there is uncertainty over what, if any, subsequent eu funding will be available to wales in future funding rounds.
(de) mr president, last thursday, news of the unimaginably gruesome killings which took place in peru was made public.
over the years, the scope of eu consumer protection policy has changed to reflect changes in people's needs and expectations.
(de) mr president, in many parts of the world the consequences of climate change are visible.
as i have said, the only way to eradicate poverty is to allow growth in the developing world.
this may be true, but europe does not take any notice of the democratic voice of the people.
therefore, i have taken specific steps to encourage the industry to bring a standard charger onto the market.
however, the case of the controversial mediator drug, in particular, should lead european institutions to exercise a modicum of prudence.
to date, however, there has been no european-level harmonisation of the rules on contracts for consumers and businesses.
it is very helpful for all the political groups to be able to debate this important issue.
no one asked them whether they wanted to change nationalities or adopt a new official language.
(de) madam president, commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, my sympathy, of course, goes out to the victims of this disaster.
europe must take account of world food security and must increase its production with a view to limiting imports.
it is about keeping state monopolies, and we know where that leads to: it leads down the road to serfdom.
we shall meet with members of civil society before and after this dialogue, to benefit from their expertise.
i join the rapporteur in calling for a greater emphasis in the commission's proposal on monitoring and evaluation issues.
i also share his concern about the quantity of the delegated acts the commission wants to have.
i want to raise one issue concerning article 17 in the proposed convention, which is about the role of agencies.
ladies and gentlemen, europe has become a victim not just of the financial and social crisis.
i appreciate what you are saying, but that was not in accordance with our rules of procedure.
we look forward in the end to an extremely good result for europe's consumers and the internal market.
the same goes for its behaviour towards some energy suppliers and we have also seen this in turkmenistan.
following parliament's vote, the union is, at long last, going to regulate the activities of the most speculative investment funds.
in writing. - the european parliament has increased powers under the lisbon treaty, specifically in the area of agriculture policy.
the focus for my group is on the fact that solidarity between the regions is not negotiable.
today, young people need a wider range of skills than ever before in order to flourish in a globalised economy.
no propaganda exists which can conceal the neoliberal, federalist and militarist content of this treaty project.
you have said again today that an implementing regulation, without touching the directive, is the way to go.
part of this money will go to large energy projects, including eur 330 million to my country, poland.
we should be using real and hard instruments to change things in libya, syria, camp ashraf and belarus.
thus, our task is to support iranian civil society as far as possible in its resistance movement.
madam president, the council has refused to create an asylum policy and real formal burden-sharing since 1999.
we have also called on zimbabwe to reaffirm its commitment to the role of civil society in the kimberley process.
first, the core driver of growth must be knowledge; knowledge and innovation that produces tomorrow's ideas, tomorrow's skills, tomorrow's technologies.
despite all this sluggish progress, there is still a majority in this parliament who are in favour of accession.
one of these was the question of the eastern partnership and alternative routes of gas supply.
the asylum package has been stalled for too long, and the common asylum system does not exist, mr weber.
(sk) demographic changes gradually and fundamentally alter the structure of the population and the age pyramid.
besides this, it should greatly simplify administration for exporters and importers and it has value from a marketing perspective.
how long are certain parties going to insist on pretending that this is a greek, italian, maltese or cypriot problem?
unfortunately, since the treaty of lisbon entered into force, the citizens' right of initiative has not been put into practice.
these controls have a high impact on european trade policy, since they can affect over 10% of all eu exports.
for this reason, that process is open and turkey has the status of a candidate country.
in romania, for example, a cartel set up in the cement industry was recently fined several million euro.
we have a partnership agreement with tunisia which contains many provisions relating to democracy and human rights.
almost 30 years later, however, macedonia naturally wants to join the european union and share those same benefits.
as long as 25 years ago, president reagan's administration tried to bring an end to gaddafi's rule.
we must now demand a full public inquiry into the suspect data before we spend another penny on mitigation.
i would like to thank all of you for support when it comes to the eu 2020 strategy.
for this reason, we must make it clear that the question of credibility is of great political importance.
it is a member of the european free alliance (ale), which has been a european political party since it began.
i believe that all this will help to create a robust international investment policy in the european union.
until now, the polish government has not asked the commission to investigate the reasons for the smoleńsk disaster.
this was the first year in hungary when more people froze to death in unheated flats than in the streets.
anyone who knows me will be aware that i am normally very sparing with praise and thanks.
it is also necessary to ensure the security of victims of trafficking in human beings and their complete integration.
i have been strongly advocating a forward looking and ambitious spectrum policy that would promote new innovations and global competitiveness.
ultimately we can only secure a single energy market if we have a european regulator with real powers.
we have similar values and human rights and we are also linked by the desire for democracy and peace.
without the g20, the situation would be desperate, and the sickness in the world economy could become chronic.
since then, i have met a large number of acp ministers and representatives and other stakeholders in the epa process.
i think it is essential to ensure stable sources of finance as part of the new financial perspective for 2014-2020.
we need courage and imagination - imagination to fill the gaps or to clarify the ambiguities of the treaty.
this is a mistake: their prospective replacements would be just as 'world compatible' as they are.
i agree with mr mitchell that we need a plan, yes, and we have some plans.
(sk) madam president, every year, more than 70 million passengers in europe travel by bus or coach.
i should just like to mention a few points in connection with what has been said.
without these exchanges, we would be exposed to concerted, cross-border criminal activity, with no chance of responding appropriately.
it is interesting that a pizza produced, for example, in ireland could contain ingredients that come from 60 different countries.
(ro) the roma is a cross-border ethnic and cultural community numbering more than 10 million across europe.
however, it is in the public interest that risks should be restricted to prevent systemic crisis.
so, today i say to the cdu 'bear this in mind' and we ask that germany does the same.
what you said about the european commission encouraging member states to take measures in this respect is very important.
madam president, words are tools, words are instruments and words can be weapons in foreign policy.
mr president, mr šemeta, mr lópez garrido, i am very pleased to see you and to address you - welcome.
it will take even longer to convince societies, which have been brainwashed by aggressive environmental propaganda, of this truth.
thank you, mr president, honourable members, thank you for the opportunity to say a few words in this discussion.
in response to chris davies, and regarding climate change deniers: i try to address it when i meet it.
the essence of the matter is something else entirely: the lack of involvement of the european parliament.
it was indeed a great pleasure to have you here with us for your maiden appearance in plenary.
the compromises that are before us on this subject are honourable, with due consideration for the farming world.
i also accept that freedom of expression must be taken into account when considering cases of alleged victimisation.
therefore, in general, the overwhelming majority of interested parties, including professional associations, agrees with the 'english-only' option.
i put all my hopes on you, baroness ashton, in the expectation that you will use your influence here.
the revised ucits directive will, when it enters into effect, serve to reduce much burdensome red tape and unnecessary costs.
this gives the employer, and therefore the state, great clout over practically the whole of society.
i am convinced that in our efforts to secure this, europe must speak with one voice.
some member states were sceptical, but they did agree on the conclusion that the milestone 1 test was successful.
in the meantime, hamas is making clear that it does belong on the european union's list of terrorist organisations.
the most important compromise involves putting the 'comply or explain' principle and the mandatory regulations on an equal footing.
we recommend that the european commission ask digital content providers to certify the security of the websites linked to europeana.
the next item on the agenda is the continuation of the joint debate on the ec-serbia agreement.
it is, of course, possible to provide you with the necessary details if you are interested.
although the aims seem to be the same, resolving the issue of regulation in this area is far from easy.
(pl) madam president, i would like to thank the rapporteur for the work he has done.
the role of external ratings as hard triggers is particularly significant when downgrading from investment grade to sub investment grade.
we will, of course, continue consulting closely with this house and with the member states on this process.
the second pillar which cannot be overlooked and which we cannot do without is the matter of fiscal harmonisation.
i also dare to hope that this house will not overplay its hand, as the english sometimes say.
we need to have the relevant information, to be able to join the dots and to have clear rules.
certainly, such impact assessment could pre-empt certain problems, such as those posed by the electronic identification of sheep in scotland.
on the contrary, the people need our help, as do community organisations, the independent media and the opposition.
in memory of piotr stańczak, can i ask you all now to rise to commemorate him.
i would very much like to thank mrs hedh and mrs bauer for having raised this question.
sherry rehman, that courageous politician who put forward amendments to the blasphemy law, is in particular danger.
i look forward to discussing how to handle this issue in the conference of presidents next week.
in the medium and long term, the solution is to make the use of antibiotics largely superfluous.
rapporteur. - madam president, first, i would like to thank all my colleagues for their comments.
likewise, nobody forced us to hesitate and falter when the so-called 'peripheral' economies come under attack.
in writing. - (pl) the issue of multilingualism and its preservation is one of the greatest challenges facing the community.
on the other hand, i agree with many of my colleagues that assad should have been included in the sanctions.
the system needs further perfection, but it needs strong engagement by all nations around the globe for this to happen.
i would like to put on record and pay tribute to all those who work in member state solvit centres.
we had very high expectations in copenhagen and perhaps we should have very low expectations in cancún.
commissioner, you have rightly stressed the need to support tunisia at this time of democratic transition.
nobody ever complained about this in the past twenty years, even though it was most anti-democratic.
i can assure you that all of the linguistic versions will be checked in this respect, mr schnellhardt.
i had to make these clarifications, and i have done so at the end of my speech.
or are we hoping that they will offer to contribute to this undertaking of their own accord?
i believe there is a sleeping giant that is awakening because of the gratuitous and vicious abuse of christians.
but the crucial question for us europeans is the threat that the dramatic situation could be abused by radical islamists.
but 2009, as i said, is going to be a crucial year for the global climate change negotiations.
we therefore need a new policy, a policy that will help to rebuild these countries after decades of misrule.
i must also thank baroness ashton and mr christophersen for their willingness and openness in our discussions.
however, there is still a great deal to be done in the area of intellectual property.
whether the government of viktor orbán has enough political capital to do so, however, is still in question.
mr president, our citizens expect us to provide real help for them in these troubled times.
so it does not mean that we can find one very simple answer as to why this accident happened.
however, bananas from the acp countries will continue to enjoy duty-free access within the european union.
eu efforts have finally resulted in the temporary suspension of the presidential decree no 555 banning these trips.
these two issues which have been raised by two members obviously require a scientific opinion, so to speak.
on 4 april two people died at a demonstration near urfa as a consequence of a police operation.
i am afraid to say that the lisbon treaty is a pale shadow of our magna carta.
however, commissioners, i should like to say to you that we see the absurdities and paradoxes in your economic policies.
we must defend religious pluralism, tolerance and mutual understanding both here in europe and everywhere in the world.
as i have said, mobility of patients is a limited phenomenon and we do not expect this to change.
this has of course been caused, among other things, by our different election systems, which give rise to democracy-related problems.
(fi) mr president, stabilising the market must be one of the shared central objectives of economic policy.
finally, regarding the implications for the euronest parliamentary assembly, we can no longer give lukashenko a veto on euronest.
i voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution drafted by various political groups.
unfortunately, applications to receive payments from these funds amount to a total of pln 1.75 billion.
the current economic crisis is not advantageous to minorities, for it poisons conflicts and gives ground to far-right demagoguery.
how can european citizens have faith in the 'benefits' of europe when it authorises this kind of 'trick'?
only greater involvement by local communities and civil society will ensure maximum effectiveness in implementing it.
furthermore, one member of this house applauded our measures to protect bluefin tuna, and i thank them for that.
mobile phones are now part of everyday life, and large sections of the population never go anywhere without them.
this budget will enable romania to continue to enjoy financial support provided from the structural and cohesion funds.
i would, therefore, ask that we vote in favour of amendment 122, which deals with prior authorisation.
the european parliament is now deciding whether or not it was transposed properly in the member states.
the european commission's proposal lacks an appropriate justification as regards the question of why this additional funding is necessary.
we believe that it is vital that women are not subjected to violence or the sex trade.
because the international transport of goods by train is still being organised in a wholly ineffective manner.
i have also been the head of a government, and i understand the difficult situation which exists, today, in greece.
here, on this aspect, i do not believe that we can demand too much from the commission.
countries that are signed up to the icc can be punished for it and the united states does punish them.
currently, many would claim that the eurozone problem is one which should be solved by eurozone members.
this was extremely important, especially for the small and medium-sized enterprise sector, which was hit exceptionally hard by the crisis.
we are strongly against paragraph 71, which condemns the use of drones - an integral part of the counter-insurgency strategy.
some people would also like to concentrate the structural funds even further on the poorest regions.
maybe we could benefit from looking at a country like canada, and especially its policies on legal migration.
however, the eplp could support the main thrust of the approved text and therefore voted in favour of the report.
we are having this reopening of talks at a time when we are reforming agricultural policy.
since december, newspapers and television news programmes have been reporting that europe is in the grip of freezing cold weather.
it is time to end the common position in order to start normalising relations between the european union and cuba.
it is also easier to counter the side-effects of gambling in countries where the state has a monopoly.
this conference will take place with the involvement of the social partners and other stakeholders in september.
our goal is clear: we want visa-free travel to canada for all eu citizens as soon as possible.
next month, the commission will come forward with new proposals on hedge funds, on private equity and on executive pay.
now is the time when member states need to prove their responsible commitment to abiding by the new mechanism.
